I attended only one session and did not ask much doubts ,but the replies from you, helped me go well in the project.
"Mentor supported me really well and even helped me out even when there was no session scheduled.
It is because of him that I am able to complete my project on time."
Great Work, very helpful and supportive.
Very helpful mentor
Helpful, the mentorship program could be started sooner maybe, but the interactions were helpful in clearing my doubts quickly.
i did not attend many sessions. i barely had time to see the project but those materials sent by the mentor will always be useful and his earnest effort has been seen in these weeks.
Great teacher! He guided me through all my doubts and explained why am I facing that. He was not my first mentor but when my first mentor stopped responding to my emails sayan sir responded and helped me . Wishing to POD to assign sayan Ghosh as my mentor in next term.
The best mentor one could ever have, he constantly supported and resolved all kinds of queries I sent him on mail. Never neglected any kind of doubt no matter how many times I asked. Really appreciate the mentor
Sir you were really dedicated to your task and even went above and beyond to help us create and submit our project on time.
introduce prev term projects and explain it .this would be helpful for all
Really got help in understanding the implementation, relationship, and queries, was able to Lear a lot, thankyou
It was nice
First of all I had zero knowledge of this project. After referring to some youtube tutorials, I thought HTML and CSS are the only things to create a web. Then I attended the 1st session of the mentorship. The mentor advised me to go through the screencasts and even shared the link for that. Viewing every screencasts took me a lot of time. Eventhough it took a lot of time, screencasts didn't help me. I only got the idea to use python, flask amd sqlite for my project rather than how to use it. After going through many many many youtube tutorials, I got some idea of web development. I completed my project with only core requirements and also failed to meet some. I asked the mentor about video and project report. He helped me kindly. In the last day, I came to ask a doubt. But someone was sharing their code. So I left immediately. Overall in mentorship, he helped me to get an idea. But the course didn't help me at all to get any knowledge about web development. In screencasts, atleast they could have developed a simple web for us. This project will be very easy for those who have previous experience and not for beginners. I really struggled a lot to complete this project. So please arrange some sessions for beginners like me because only doubt clearing session is not going to help. Screencasts are worst. Thank you and sorry if I sounded harsh.
